opentelemetry: create a new module (#4361)
caddyserver/caddy: modules/caddyhttp/tracing/README.md

> # Tracing module

Reviewer: Not against a readme here, but I think this is the only folder in this repo that has one (other than the root). Should we move this to the site instead so people will actually see it?

Author: @mholt, I agree with you. I remove it from here and will create a PR to the website repo.

This module provides integration with OpenTelemetry tracing facilities. It is implemented
as a `caddyhttp.MiddlewareHandler` and can be chained into a list of other handlers.

> When enabled, it propagates an existing tracing context or will init a new one otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When enabled, it will propagate an existing trace context or initialize a new one.
```
